[Music]
happy birthday mr. adult man ha ha ha
gross what was dad like as beardless
Scratchy
he had a goofy laugh I wish I'd met him
I have something for you from your dad
it's a wizard staff
I wrote this spell so I can see for
myself who my boys grew up to be
this spell brings him back back way back
to life you wanted to meet you more than
anything
bowing to the Seder I don't know it just
started
dad don't apart dad you are in your
house
[Music]
we've only got 24 hours to bring back
the rest of dad we're going on a quest
all quests start with the manticore the
fearless adventurer you mean
Cori she's over there these Nuggets were
supposed to go out minutes ago that's
the manticore
get in the vehicle an escort yo I'm
giving you to the count of three okay
wait what are you doing I don't know I'm
looking for my sons
oh they went on a question but don't
worry I told him about the map I told
them about the gym I told them about the
curse your boys are in great danger
hold
[Applause]
how do your boys doing a crazy
dead dead reject not great
I can't do it we're not gonna see you
dad you can do this I believe in you
my gut knows where to go don't you boy
yes your room on my way boys
just stay out of trouble
[Music]
what's going on with you what's new
how much hate the idea of you download
by yourself out in time just drinkin not
fine
I appreciate
but let's I'm fine ever since I heard
the how we and I suppose you're
wondering why I called you over here I
didn't need to go where
our basketball coach had a heart attack
the other night they need a new coach
Jack and you know you give too many good
no the last time they made the playoffs
back when you were playing you're Marcus
right that's right how many threes did
markets make last year a percentage of
26 won't know why they're leaving you
open it's because they don't think you
could hit the ocean from the beach he
just backs that show as bread
[Music]
so I liken coaching so far great getting
used to the players or players
[Music]
her chair coaching basketball yeah keeps
me busy keeps my mind off other things
to know won't you say
I spent a lot of time I murdered myself
carry on the name I had a lot of regrets
[Music]
Dan's online or what you taking a shot
why is that so hard for you to believe
or maybe the best player on the team
[Music]
they're suffering I just want you to be
happy again but you gotta want it too
keep pressing traffic taking charges
you guys on this tonight so
[Music]
my goodness
what's your name qingxue they call me
cookie
my mother died when I was born and my
father died I never stopped moving
[Music]
it's the getting started that's the
puzzle no way for poor men to stop you
have a cow horse cow in the territory
saying a place for cows there's no place
for a white man you know I sense
opportunity here
[Music]
good lord give me another I'll give you
six ingots for that last one digest
London in this game
we have to take what we can when the
taking is good seems dangerous so is
anything worth doing
cow until she barely produces a thing
some people can't imagine being stolen
from it soap is one of those
[Music]
we got a window here cookie history
isn't here yet it's coming that Amy is
time again
take it on our own terms
[Music]
and initiate sequencing
memories are made of this what is this
place
I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this
but you got yourself killed at rst we'd
reveal the most important assets in the
US military soldiers like yourself
you're the first who we successfully
managed to bring back but improved
enhance with the technology in your
veins you have an army inside you that
will not only make you stronger they
will heal you instantly
now tell me do you remember anything
where you going
I got unfinished business
find the man who murdered my wife and
killer
it's not good all right sundown and
initiate sequence
okay who is the next target for
elimination
these are little bit tell me do you
remember anything go I know you guys I
don't think so
I've been manipulating you
what you think is really sometimes ain't
and initiate sequence
[Music]
you can control me for
you sure about that
revenge is what makes a man like you
exceptional
something about men like me
[Music]
is absolutely fantastic
and I could just heard this a bit lately
some repeat
what is happening what is all of this
she see that article every year these
liberal elites kidnap a bunch of normal
folks like us and haunt us for sport
the last I heard free speech still
exists don't first-amendment me it
wasn't real we were joking
there's been a killing spree you got to
come here right now
you actually believed we were hunting
human beings for sport but you are
we have an opportunity here to teach
these people
these are not real people they're actors
I'm playing an Arab refugee but I
identify as white i think that's
problematic to in some way you wanted it
to be real so you decided it was
what kind of sick people would even
think of something like that white
people reardon worst
[Music]
you brought your guitar well you asked
me to do you wanna play for us oh no all
right guys we've got Jeremy camp here
[Applause]
all right
find me in the river
I mean
[Music]
what against the water
now I'm waiting if you please
[Applause]
[Music]
home
if the classes in
[Music]
we're going to be healed but if I'm not
supposed to be healed
with us
a
[Music]
you chose to walk into the fire with her
that's what love is
[Applause]
[Music]
4.5 million
let's welcome Jeremy camp
[Applause]
I'm just not that good with people there
is one thing I'm good at
mission was to find out what they knew
but that's kind of difficult now that
you killed everyone I just don't think
you're cut out for the intelligence this
is your last shot oh my god you have
jelly all over your face I'm definitely
posting that on insta is it too late to
homeschool me are you CIA streaming if
Kim finds out we got made by a
nine-year-old my career is over what's
the option kill her make it look like an
accident
maybe the stairs what Wow still recorded
we can cut a deal I want you to teach me
how to be a spy just to be clear this is
a one-time arrangement never again
course by to walk away from the
explosion a lie detector test I can
smell a lie endorphins released an odor
and the ultimate el slightest point of
an eye like this I admire all of your
tattoos JJ I believe he is that you've
never taken steroids damn she's good
when you look out there what do you see
90 civilians minimal security software
meter smiling people having fun you
should try it sometime
Marty
[Applause]
the objective of this exercise was to
get past me a good idea might be to
cause the distraction because otherwise
there'd be zero chance in you
[Music]
what is he doing looks like the wedding
at the end of Shrek you okay
can I ask you a question okay what what
kind of endings do you prefer depends on
the story what happens in yours
my story a man sets off on a long voyage
and all that comes one obstacle after
another
and on the last page he has to decide to
continue his life in exile or to come
back home free one was once his home
you want to tell me something they all
have regrets the other thing is why does
everyone continue to refer dad as if
he's not here is he
I just don't know what you're saying I'm
gonna have to bake some heart races
you keep reminding me of someone I once
knew
dad wake up
never far away
I didn't see you at school today I went
to the doctor what's wrong
girl panties
don't you ever just wish you are dude
all the time this the most magical sound
you will ever hear who's not ready to be
a mom where else could you go nowhere in
Pennsylvania
and I think you should try another place
[Music]
we own in New York what are you doing
there seeing family and stuff
who came with you today my cousin do you
have a place to stay tonight I know you
came from far away
I'll figure it out mysterious clones do
not sleep here
where's the rest of the money
I want to make sure that you're safe
I know this is hard
[Music]
gonna ask you some questions it can be
really personal just answer either never
rarely sometimes or always
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
it's okay
Oh
[Music]
I don't like you my way up here
there's nothing left
there are people out there worth saving
[Music]
I do
people that are left another kind of
people weren't saving do you know why
the Phoenix sits on the right hand at
the Opera she is his guardian his
protector that she's both beautiful and
strong your job is to bring honor to the
family do you think you can do that
citizens we are under attack from
northern invaders their leader calls
himself Oricon fights alongside of which
no survivors
by Edict of his imperial majesty every
family must contribute one love to fight
a few no son I am blessed with two
daughters I will fight
we must be strong
this time he will not return loyal brave
and true it is my duty to protect my
family
[Music]
ancestors please protect her
what is your name soldier whoa Joon
commander son of Harjo we're gonna make
men out of every single one of you
lose again
the spirits is evident as something
whole its you back
when they find out who you are they will
show you no mercy
[Music]
I'm Hamelin I will be honored to us all
I've taken lashes my whole life to keep
my family safe but they will never with
my son he did hey smart
they say he's African royalty they call
him Emperor baby he don't light the fuse
and let alone the Emperor because my
granddaddy was the key thank you a bunch
of my fault what's bringing this ain't
you got no manners
Marbury keeps it up pea got yourselves a
rebellion I need you to be the spark
that lights the fuse
I guess on the trouble there there's a
brave man
yeah you're going to get yourself killed
it's the only way I can free my song you
just just lately written business well I
got the horse out
[Music]